calculating svd number 0
svd number 0 complete
calculating svd number 1
svd number 1 complete
calculating svd number 2
svd number 2 complete
calculating svd number 3
svd number 3 complete
calculating svd number 4
svd number 4 complete
calculating svd number 5
svd number 5 complete
calculating svd number 6
svd number 6 complete
calculating svd number 7
svd number 7 complete
calculating svd number 8
svd number 8 complete
calculating svd number 9
svd number 9 complete
which digit you want to try to recognise?8
for number 8 the number 2 has the smallest residual: 610.306669

